The duck test by James Whitcomb Riley
When I see a bird that walks like a duck and swims like a duck and quacks like a duck, I call that bird duck.

-------------------

The Seven Summits are composed of each of the highest mountain peaks of each of seven continents. Different lists include slight variations, but generally the same core is maintained. The seven summits depend on the definition used for a continent, in particular where the border of that continent is. This results in two points of variation: the first is Mont Blanc or Mount Elbrus for the continent of Europe; and the second depends on whether one includes all of Oceania or mainland Australia as the continent, which results in either Mount Kosciuszko or Puncak Jaya (Carstensz Pyramid).

Everest (29,035 feet, 8848 m) - Asia
Aconcagua (22,834 feet, 6961 m) - South America
Denali (20,310 feet, 6194 m) - North America
Kilimanjaro (19,339 feet, 5895 m) - Africa
Elbrus (18,510 feet, 5642 m) - Russia, Europe
Blanc (15,778 feet, 4809 m) - Shared b/w France and Italy, Europe
Vinson (16,067 feet, 4892 m) - Antarctica
Puncak Jaya or Carstensz (16,023 feet, 4884 m) - Indonesia belonging to Australian Continent
Kosciuszko (7,310 feet, 2228 m) - Australia

-------------------

A certain prunus vase is among the most prized of Korea’s many cultural treasures. It is the finest example of inlaid celadon pottery ever discovered and has been dated to the twelfth century.
The vase’s most remarkable feature is its intricate inlay work. Each of the forty-six round medallions is formed by a white outer ring and a black inner ring. Within every circle, carved and then inlaid with great skill, there is a crane in graceful flight. Clouds drift between the medallions, with more cranes soaring among the clouds. And the glaze is a delicate shade of grayish green.
It is called the “Thousand Cranes Vase”. Its maker is unknown.

-------------------

A standard Rubik's Cube measures 5.7 cm (approximately 2¼ inches) on each side. The puzzle consists of twenty-six unique miniature cubes, also called "cubies" or "cubelets". Each of these includes a concealed inward extension that interlocks with the other cubes, while permitting them to move to different locations. However, the centre cube of each of the six faces is merely a single square façade; all six are affixed to the core mechanism. These provide structure for the other pieces to fit into and rotate around. So there are twenty-one pieces: a single core piece consisting of three intersecting axes holding the six centre squares in place but letting them rotate, and twenty smaller plastic pieces which fit into it to form the assembled puzzle.
Each of the six centre pieces pivots on a screw (fastener) held by the centre piece, a "3-D cross". A spring between each screw head and its corresponding piece tensions the piece inward, so that collectively, the whole assembly remains compact, but can still be easily manipulated. The screw can be tightened or loosened to change the "feel" of the Cube. Newer official Rubik's brand cubes have rivets instead of screws and cannot be adjusted.
The Cube can be taken apart without much difficulty, typically by rotating the top layer by 45° and then prying one of its edge cubes away from the other two layers. Consequently, it is a simple process to "solve" a Cube by taking it apart and reassembling it in a solved state.

-------------------

eyes on the prize

-------------------

There is nothing longer than a shortcut.

-------------------

My Favorite Things

Raindrops on roses and whiskers on kittens
Bright copper kettles and warm woolen mittens
Brown paper packages tied up with strings
These are a few of my favorite things

Cream colored ponies and crisp apple streudels
Doorbells and sleigh bells and schnitzel with noodles
Wild geese that fly with the moon on their wings
These are a few of my favorite things

Girls in white dresses with blue satin sashes
Snowflakes that stay on my nose and eyelashes
Silver white winters that melt into springs
These are a few of my favorite things

When the dog bites
When the bee stings
When I'm feeling sad
I simply remember my favorite things
And then I don't feel so bad

-------------------

Harry Potter - The Half Blood Prince

"And you feel that you have exerteded your very best efforts in this matter, do you? That you have exercised all of your considerable ingennuity? That you have left no depth of cunning unplumbed in your quest to retrieve the memory?"
"Well," Harry stalled... 

-------------------

The Hunger Games:

The rules of the Hunger Games are simple. In punishment for the uprising, each of the twelve districts must provide one girl and one boy, called tributes to participate. The twenty-four tributes will be imprisoned in a vast outdoor arena that could hold anything from a burning desert to a frozen wasteland. Over a period of several weeks, the competitors must fight to the death. The last tribute standing wins.

-------------------

The Preamble of Constitution:
We the people of the United States, in order to form a more perfect union, establish justice, insure domestic tranquility, provide for the common defense, promote the general welfare, and secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity, do ordain and establish this Constitution for the United States of America.
